#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    ./scripts/pip-compile.sh
#
abnf==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   siwe
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   web3
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
alembic==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataset
    #   flask-migrate
aniso8601==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-restx
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-babel
banal==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataset
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
bitarray==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
boto3==1.34.39
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.34.39
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-caching
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cmarkgfm
    #   cryptography
    #   pybluemonday
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
ckzg==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
cmarkgfm==2022.10.27
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==40.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cytoolz==0.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-utils
dataset==1.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
eth-abi==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
    #   web3
eth-account==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   siwe
    #   web3
eth-hash[pycryptodome]==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-utils
    #   web3
eth-keyfile==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
eth-keys==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-keyfile
eth-rlp==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
eth-typing==4.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-abi
    #   eth-keys
    #   eth-utils
    #   siwe
    #   web3
eth-utils==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-abi
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   eth-keys
    #   eth-rlp
    #   rlp
    #   siwe
    #   web3
flask==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-restx
    #   flask-script
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-babel==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-caching==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-marshmallow==0.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-migrate==2.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-restx==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-script==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gevent==23.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gevent
    #   sqlalchemy
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
hexbytes==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-rlp
    #   web3
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   yarl
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-restx
    #   web3
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
lru-dict==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   web3
mako==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==2.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
maxminddb==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-geoacumen-city
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
parsimonious==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-abi
passlib==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
protobuf==5.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   web3
pybluemonday==0.0.12
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pycryptodome==3.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-keyfile
pydantic==2.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   siwe
pydantic-core==2.18.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
    #   siwe
pymysql==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   botocore
    #   freezegun
python-dotenv==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
python-geoacumen-city==2023.4.15
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2020.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-restx
pyunormalize==15.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   web3
redis==4.5.5
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.5.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   parsimonious
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   web3
rlp==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-rlp
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
siwe==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tenacity
sqlalchemy==1.4.48
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   dataset
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
toolz==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cytoolz
typing-extensions==4.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   abnf
    #   eth-rlp
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   siwe
    #   web3
urllib3==1.25.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   requests
web3==6.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   siwe
websockets==12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   web3
werkzeug==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-restx
wtforms==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zope-event==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gevent
zope-interface==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
flask-cors==5.0.0
